README.md, before:

This is repository for os-version-checker in openEuler, based on Debian
OpenStack team's tool os-version-checker
https://salsa.debian.org/openstack-team/debian/os-version-checker

os-version-checker will check and compare self from upstream against openEuler
or other version of OpenStack.

    pip install -r requirements.txt

    python3 VersionsStatus.py

    Usage: VersionStatus.py [OPTIONS]

    Options:
    -r, --releases <release-distro>
                                    Comma separated releases with openstack or
                                    distribution of openEuler to check, for
                                    example: train-20.03-LTS-SP1,train-ussuri
                                    [required]

    -t, --file-type [txt|html]      Output file format  [default: html]
    -n, --file-name-os TEXT         Output file name of openstack version
                                    checker  [default: index.html]

    -a, --arch [aarch64|x86_64]     CPU architecture of distribution  [default:
                                    aarch64]

    -h, --help                      Show this message and exit.

Commit message:

Start from Rocky release in README and default options (#1)
* Start from Rocky release in README and default options

1. Update README.md to add Github pages links in home page
2. Update default cmd options to generate page result from OpenStack
   Rocky release, update command line help message.
3. Update github action to publish page on PR mereged

README.md, after:

This repository is os-version-checker for [openEuler](https://openeuler.org/),
based on Debian OpenStack team's tool os-version-checker
https://salsa.debian.org/openstack-team/debian/os-version-checker

Github action will generate latest page everyday, check here
https://kiwik.github.io/os-version-checker/

os-version-checker will check and compare self from upstream against openEuler
or other version of OpenStack.

    pip install -r requirements.txt

    python3 VersionsStatus.py

    Usage: VersionStatus.py [OPTIONS]

    Options:
    -r, --releases <release-distro>
                                    Comma separated releases with openstack or
                                    distribution of openEuler to check, for
                                    example: rocky-20.03-LTS-SP1,rocky-train
                                    [required]

    -t, --file-type [txt|html]      Output file format  [default: html]
    -n, --file-name-os TEXT         Output file name of openstack version
                                    checker  [default: index.html]

    -a, --arch [aarch64|x86_64]     CPU architecture of distribution  [default:
                                    aarch64]

    -h, --help                      Show this message and exit.
